Welcome to another hands on lab.
So in this lab, what we're going to do is create an IWC global accelerator and we're going to create
two instances of an application in two different regions and then direct some traffic and see what happens.
So what we're going to create is very much like what you see here will actually create a region in US
East.
One with an Albi will create a region in AP, Southeast two with an LP.
And behind each of those albums will just be a single, easy to instance with an FTP website, running
will then create a global accelerator with the two regions attached.
And then we're going to connect to it now.
I'm actually in Australia, so I'll be connecting to it from Australia.
So what I should say is I've got directed to AP selfies too, and then we're going to cause a failure
and we're going to see if we get directed all the way over to us S1 automatically.
So that's how it works.
And optionally, you can also use Route 50 free.
You don't need to for this lab.
It doesn't make a huge amount of difference.
We can just use the DNS name with the global accelerator.
But if you want to, you can also create a entry if you already have a hosted zone.
So just create an alias record like we did in the Ailbhe and NHLBI lessons and pointed instead to a
global accelerator rather than a load balancer.
So this is what we're going to do.
Let's head over to the console and start building it out.
I'm in the easy to management console in Norfolk, Virginia, and what I'm going to do is launch an
instance.
As always, it's going to be a Linux two, am I?
I'm going to use a T2 Micro.
Now what you do need to do is I'm happy with the D4 VPC.
We don't need to change anything there.
I'm just going to come down to I am roll.
We've got this S3 read only role that we used earlier, and we're going to use some user data again.
So as we before, this is the stuff that we use from the Route 50 free section of the course.
So go into your course.
Download code about 50 free user data, around 50 free, and the only thing you need to modify is this
Hey, you need to make sure that you change your bucket.
So here are my buckets called DCT labs.
You need to change your bucket names or whatever you created back in that section and make sure you've
still got that index locked 60fps on in that all from the course download.
So let's copy this code.
Come back, paste the code in and click on next.
We need to make sure we have a security grade we've poor open.
I'm just going to call this web access, and let's add a rule for HTP and that's going to come from
anywhere.
So that's good.
And I'll just copy this for making it neat and tidy, and then let's just review and launch and launch
this instance.
That's the instance being launched.
Now let's head down to load balancers, and we're going to try to load Balancer.
I'm going to create load balancer.
It's going to be application load balancer.
I'll call it my Albi.
It needs to have a HTTP listener.
So we just accept the defaults.
I'm not sure which availability zone instances in.
So I'm just going to have all of these in, and it's only one subnet in the default VPC in each of these
availability zones.
So that's all fine.
Now we can actually create the accelerator right here.
So let's just choose create an accelerator, and I'm going to call this my guy.
Let's click on next.
Go through the security and make sure we choose that web access security group under routing.
We're going to create a new target group called Tag One.
If you already have one in this region, then just call it something else and you can see that we've
got the protocol selected as HTTP or 18.
That's all good.
No need to change anything there.
I will change the health check settings.
Now, the healthy threshold is the number of successful responses to a health check request that are
required before the incidence is considered healthy.
I want to speed things up.
I'm going to put that to two and the interval is going to be 10 seconds.
Unhealthy threshold is two as well.
That's fine.
Let's click on next.
And here we can see we have a target.
If we select it, click Add to registered and it should pop on to the the box at the top here.
And then let's go through and create the load balancer.
So that's good, and we're going to do the same in another site in a moment.
Now allow us to just check that my instance is successfully working.
So let's just copy this public IP address.
And what we're going to do is just check that we can access the web page and it's been generated successfully.
So we know that the code worked.
It loaded the website and configured this page for us, and we can see that this particular instance
is running in US East one e.
So if we come back to two, we should find if we go to target groups that we've got a healthy instance
and we do.
And so our load balances should now also be working and we should be able to connect to the DNS name
of the load balancer.
So again, let's check that out.
And yes, that works was still going, it's not easy to instance.
So now let's set up our second site for this.
We're going to head to Sydney.
Now you can use a region that's closest to you.
I'm just using one that's closest to me, Amazon, and it's to teach you my cry again.
Make sure you change your eye and roll, paste your user data and then it's click through to security
group.
Again, we need to make sure we've got a security group.
We don't have one here, so let's create one called web access.
And then we're just going to add that rule for FTP, and that's coming from anywhere.
That's great.
And it's go through launch the instance.
In this case, I don't have a keeper, so I'm just going to call this one.
That's what they the KP Dash, MGM see.
So I know which accounts it's from and it's launch those instances.
So just one instance, actually.
So we've got that instance.
Let's come down to low balances.
Try to load balancer application load balancer.
Call it my Albi.
Same thing.
We're going to enable the availability zones or the ones we have ATP protocol.
That's all good.
We've already got a global accelerator.
We don't need to create another one.
Let's click on next.
Go through the security, select our security group, get a routing new target group TG one again.
We leave all the defaults there, and I'm just going to change these health checks settings reduce my
healthy threshold to two, my interval to 10 registered targets.
We've got a target here.
Let's select it as a registered and then go through and create the load balancer.
So that looks good.
Let's come back up.
I want to test my instance again, so let's just copy it.
So I p paste that into our browser and we've got an instance in AP selfies to be and then I want to
do the same of my load balancer.
But it's still provisioning, so I'll give it a minute or two and then that should be provisioned shortly.
Now, while that's happening, we can go to Global Accelerator, so let's search for global accelerator.
Open this console and we can see that we have a global accelerator called my G8.
We can see it static IP addresses and also its DNS name, and it's deployed.
Let's click on the name on the left here and now you see a bit more information and you can see the
listener.
So we've got a listener on Port 80 and we have an endpoint group for us East one, so that's where we
already have a instance running behind a load balance, and that's healthy.
So let's actually go into the listener.
And what we want to do is add an endpoint group.
You can see at the moment we've got one endpoint group for us East one and the traffic dollars 100 percent.
So you can play around with weightings using these traffic doubles to send certain volumes of traffic
to one region or another.
We're going to add an endpoint group.
We're going to choose the region in this case.
For me, it's AP Southeast two for you.
It's whichever region you deployed your second instance into.
I'm going to leave the traffic dial as it is.
Click on next.
And that's safe.
So we now have multiple endpoints configured to go back up to our listener.
Let's just have a look at the status.
It says that all healthy.
So what I'm going to do is copy this DNS name.
This is the DNS name for global accelerator.
This DNS name will resolve to these static and cast IP addresses.
Let's put this into a browser, and let's hit it.
Now I've been directed to us East eight, but I'm in Australia, so that's a long way from where I am.
So I suspect that that just means that we don't actually have endpoint fully ready yet for the app southeast
to region.
So what I'm going to do is give it a minute and then we're going to try again.
So I'm giving it a minute, and it still seems to be directed me to us each one.
So sometimes it will just stick you to wherever you resolve to as long as that endpoint is healthy.
Now what I want to do now is actually simulate a failure.
So what we're going to do is back in North Virginia here, I'm going to go to security groups, choose
the security group associated with my default VPC, the one that I just created for this particular
exercise.
So that should be this one here.
I'm going to edit inbound rules.
And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to remove this rule that allows HTP using IPV four months
will remove that one as well.
So that's to save those rules.
Let's go down to target groups, and what we should find is that our target becomes unhealthy fairly
quickly.
So we set an unhealthy threshold to two and the interval to ten seconds.
So within the next 30 seconds or so, we should find that this turns unhealthy.
That instance is now showing as unhealthy because the health checks have failed because the port is
not open, so let's go back and see if we can connect to a different global accelerator endpoint.
I've just hit refresh.
And as you can see, there's nothing on my screen.
It's literally just hanging.
So this means that even though the target group has an unhealthy incidence, which means the load balancer
isn't going to be directing traffic to it, it seems global accelerates.
It's not aware of that yet.
So we need global accelerator to pick that change up, and then it will start directing us to the other
site.
So let's try that again.
And now we do get redirected to the instance in AP selfies to be so I can take a little bit of time
to file over, which is why you do need to make sure you configure your health checks properly.
So we have the listener here, we have the endpoints for each of our regions and if we go into the endpoints,
click on Edit.
You'll see we did have some health check information here as well.
So again, we've got a health check interval here.
You can play around with that.
You've got the health check for your target behind your application load balancer and then you've got
the health check here.
So you need to make sure you configure your insulin and your threshold counts accordingly to make sure
that your applications can file over quickly.
So that's it.
We've finished in this lesson, and all we need to do now is go in and delete our global accelerator,
click on Delete.
What you have to do is disable the accelerator and then you need to wait for several minutes.
Once it's disabled, you can then type, delete and delete your accelerator.
So that's my accelerator disabled.
I'm just going to type, delete and delete, and that will be deleted for me.
And the only thing to do now is make sure you go back in and delete your application, load balancers
and terminate your instances and then you'll be all cleaned up.